Next one up.
Why don't we add more cards and set up our column layout where on the small screen and next to a small
screen.
We're gonna have a one column layout then we're gonna have a two column layout and then eventually we're
going to have a three column layout.
And of course you can set up even four or five or how many columns you would like.
All right.
Now let's start very simply by adding more items.
So we have our section center.
And then within the section center we have our single card.
So copy and paste everything that you have in between the single card as well as the fact that we have
of course our common.
So I selected everything I'm going to copy and paste it.
And we're going to copy and paste it two times.
So first then on the second time.
Now first of all I would like to change values for my services.
So the third one is not going to be a custom recipes.
We're gonna write it as a t e aging.
All right something like that.
And then for the second one I'm going to have also different text and this is not going to be a custom
recipes but in fact we're going to write a own delivery something like that.
Let's say it and I do have my cards right.
So I have the card for home delivery and then also 40 aging or I also would like to change the images
that we have right.
So for the T aging why don't we go for product number three the one that's sitting within the images
folder and then card number two is going to have this image.
So far so good.
Now let's switch back to a style CSX and still within the services what we're going to do well we're
going to set up our media queries.
Right.
So we're going to set up our sea assess where it's going to be responsive.
So as we're changing the screen size while also our success is going to change a little bit.
Currently you notice everything is going to have this one column layout.
Regardless of the screen size.
So how do we do that.
Well we already work with the floats.
Remember.
So let's start by just setting up a media query so media screen and let's go for men with it's really
up to you.
I'm gonna start by 768.
So I'm going to say starting from the screen size of 768.
Well I'm gonna have some changes to my sources and the changes that I'm gonna have here are going to
be service card and then let's float it all right let's say float the left and now first let's go off
with our 50 percent OK.
Just so we can see what would be the issue.
And then second we're going to see how we can in fact fix that issue.
So let's set this up.
All right.
I do have my 50 percent.
And then of course in the bottom I have another card.
Now the problem is following where it is sitting correctly.
Right.
So we have our hundred percent.
I remember.
Hundred percent is our section.
I remember we had our section where we had the section center and it was responsible for the width and
height.
That's the reason why we had it as 80 percent.
All right.
And you can think of our 80 percent as 100 percent from both cards right.
That's the reason when we set up in the styles with the 50 percent.
Now we have a two column layout.
We have one card and we have the second card.
Are the problem right now is that there is no margin between.
OK.
And if I'm just going to add margin once a margin and we can go as little as let's say two pixels but
our whole layout is going to break.
All right.
Now the reason why our whole layout is going to break is because we are already using a hundred percent
because we have one card by 15 the other one by 50.
So if we were adding let's say margin of two pixels while we are in fact outside already are 100 percent.
So instead the way we are going to do that is by setting up a less with four hour column.
So in this case why don't we go with 45.
But it's really up to you.
And then remember we have a hundred percent as our total.
And by the way I can just leave the comments.
So a hundred percent is our total.
Now I'm using for two cards since I would like to have two column loud 45 percent.
So how much is that.
Well it is 90 percent correct.
That's my total.
So have 10 percent over.
So what I could do is for each and every card I could use half of that 10 percent for my margin.
So.
Right.
Margin.
Let's go right.
We can left.
Doesn't really matter.
And I only say 5 percent.
So.
Right.
So now what happens.
My total is 50 percent OK.
Because my with is 45 and margin is using 5.
So in this case I am going to have a two column loud but everything works correctly.
OK.
There is marching in between.
And it is adding correctly not in fact breaking out loud.
And then lastly I also want to do the same thing when we get to let's say nine hundred ninety two.
So in order to speed this up again I'm going to select the whole media query.
Let's copy and pasted.
Let's change these values.
Nine hundred and ninety two.
So let's say starting from nine hundred ninety two pixels I would want to have a three column layout.
So again we're gonna float it the left however let's change the width.
Let's just change to 30 percent.
Now in this case again I have three columns my total is going to be 90 percent again.
But notice since I have three columns.
Wow this total is going to be 15 percent.
But I have a hundred percent total.
So of course we just need to in fact go with a little margin so a little less margin.
Now if you want bigger margin just make sure that you will also decrease the width of the particular
card.
So in my case I'm going to go with three point three three three three something.
Right.
Again my total is going to be a hundred let's say that.
And sure enough.
Now once I get to the bigger screen I have three column layout.
If I'm gonna make my screen size smaller.
Notice I'm going to get here where I have a two column layout.
Then once I'm gonna get to the smaller screen size I'm going to have a one column layout and it's really
up to you.
If let's say you'd like to change a different media query let's say to have different column widths
at the different screen sizes just change those values.
If you want four columns let's say now we could do it this way.
I'm just gonna copy and paste it for now.
I'm going to delete it right away but if we're gonna head over to not services.
Yes and of services and whereas my last card.
All right.
So I have this service card.
Let's just grab everything and I'm going to try to apply it correctly.
Let me selected.
I think it's gonna be easier let's select everything.
Let's copy and pasted like I said I'm going to delete it in a second.
But let's say in styles instead of with of 20 or I'm of 30 percent I'm going to set it as 20 percent
because currently I do have four columns.
Correct.
And also the margin is going to be five for each one of them.
So that way I have four columns.
OK.
Now of course I'm going to have different heights because of different texts that we're typing.
And that's one thing we would need to fix if that is going to be the scenario where right now we're
using less space.
OK.
So since we are using less space than either we're going to have to have some kind of height already
particular for this let's say the second the information or of course you could set it up a different
way.
All right.
Now in my case I'm going to go back for 30 percent.
So with this 30 percent then also let's say that as three point three three three something like that.
And then lastly like I said I'm going to delete my card just remember as you're setting up for different
columns you're going to have to do probably some extra work.
Because your column with is going to change.
So that way you need to start getting creative where in that particular media query you might need to
set up some already some kind of heights for let's say sort of simple right.
So all of them would be exactly the same.
OK.
Because as you see if your text of course changes if you're let's say in this case the text is less
than we have for card one until then of course of course your layout is also going to change because
you're going to start a new line.
All right.
But essentially it is as easy as it gets.
We just set up our floats.
Make sure that you calculate everything and the value is in fact a hundred.
And when I say calculate everything.
Also keep in mind the column with that you would like to have.
There is a difference if you have three columns.
Make sure that you count everything correctly.
When you are adding your totals as well as with the margins.
OK.
So if you have two column layout then of course half of your column needs to be 50 percent then you
have three column layout.
Well then the third of the West needs to be for that particular column.
Right.
That's how we in fact set up a float layout.
When we have the cards.